hello my name is Solomin Pavel
the agency gave the act and today we
We decided to introduce our new
deed that will be associated with your
mobile phones ie deed
for your iphone samsung android either
another phone from a red person in
hands there is a thing that contacts 80
percent of their time and
Respectively and until the evening they as him
nothing and reminds tract to do
the device that all day with us
hand by which name we are
communicate by line and send the most
message make it more
hardly you do so he also
reminded you of your soulmate
armani moments either
torso that you like that
you love which object
now let's come what did propyl
moment master class how from your
ordinary phone to do near
individuality will be with you already
emphasizes your style
protect it from scratches and remind you
your halves or about important moments
your life you only need
photo of what you want to be
on your phone for example you can
each photo of Dmitry Svetlana
with their romantic date on the roof
That's how they're great fun
spent time with a huge bouquet of roses and
we put this photo on the cover
for the phone that comes
needles from thin client a little bit
which is not ashamed to give
and in this case is from this
wonderful masonry apply for a
smoke or everything is very simple this pad
this help
if you motions dress up on your
getting lost and now you have instead of the usual
the phone becomes so beautiful
stylish fashion accessory very much
I emphasize first your
individuality will merge protects you
from 2 and 3 will always remind you
figurative romantic moments of yours
of life
we will use a special sticker
for icons take it from two sides
stick a special sticker on it and
replace the photo for desktop on
the photo you see here
pull on requires instruction what and how
does shoot here this lie no what
the most interesting thing is the same window
which we created will come to you in
electronically and you will notice look like
Watch you halls here on the same as him
the kitchen of you it will be a pretty picture
what's ahead of mr something
so you can get out what's done
absolutely all technical except filter
he is actually very easy to wear soon
and removed, we personally checked that
the film heats up ten times faster
than ordinary film
we have already happened almost finished
construction in from credentials apr
busy release of perfume but as you can see she
it remains only to change the desktop wallpaper
of the table
and this wallpaper is also yours
mail you enter your phone changes and
wallpaper and accordingly
enjoy here so ready
phone deal with your
head and back of the screen we're with
front of the screen under the first version
this
pad it looks that way
the second option is a sticker it looks like
in this way from the first side and with
second hand to the third option also
You can make a protective bumper for
your phone
we still love my company so much
called our company logo like this
it looks like a papers three- piece chain
the first stage and the rear honestly which
the image which will be put
select
then the top who dresses
top and fix in this part of the bumpers
and the third part which hides from above
dance
and accordingly this way
looks like your first part
like this in the second part we
We will be glad to answer you personally
consult to tell how it is
may be useful and interesting for you
Call everyone for now. Thank you.
took time and see our new
video of our house ambassador